# File &emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;   Event name
app/code/Magento/Authorizenet/Controller/Directpost/Payment/Place.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_directpost_placeOrder
app/code/Magento/Backend/Block/System/Store/Edit/AbstractForm.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_store_edit_form_prepare_form
app/code/Magento/Backend/Block/Template.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; adminhtml_block_html_before
app/code/Magento/Backend/Block/Widget/Grid.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			backend_block_widget_grid_prepare_grid_before
app/code/Magento/Backend/Console/Command/CacheCleanCommand.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_cache_flush_system
app/code/Magento/Backend/Console/Command/CacheFlushCommand.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_cache_flush_all
app/code/Magento/Backend/Controller/Adminhtml/Cache/CleanImages.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	clean_catalog_images_cache_after
app/code/Magento/Backend/Controller/Adminhtml/Cache/CleanMedia.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	clean_media_cache_after
app/code/Magento/Backend/Controller/Adminhtml/Cache/CleanStaticFiles.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; clean_static_files_cache_after
app/code/Magento/Backend/Controller/Adminhtml/Cache/FlushAll.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_cache_flush_all
app/code/Magento/Backend/Controller/Adminhtml/Cache/FlushSystem.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_cache_flush_system
app/code/Magento/Backend/Controller/Adminhtml/System/Design/Save.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; theme_save_after
app/code/Magento/Backend/Controller/Adminhtml/System/Store/DeleteStorePost.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; store_delete
app/code/Magento/Backend/Controller/Adminhtml/System/Store/Save.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	store_group_save
app/code/Magento/Backend/Controller/Adminhtml/System/Store/Save.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	NO_MATCH
app/code/Magento/Backend/Model/Auth.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; backend_auth_user_login_success
app/code/Magento/Backend/Model/Auth.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; backend_auth_user_login_failed
app/code/Magento/Backend/Model/Auth.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; backend_auth_user_login_failed
app/code/Magento/Bundle/Block/Catalog/Product/View/Type/Bundle.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_option_price_configuration_after
app/code/Magento/Bundle/Model/Product/Price.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			prepare_catalog_product_collection_prices
app/code/Magento/Bundle/Model/Product/Price.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			catalog_product_get_final_price
app/code/Magento/Bundle/Model/Product/Price.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			catalog_product_get_final_price
app/code/Magento/Bundle/Model/ResourceModel/Indexer/Price.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_prepare_index_select
app/code/Magento/Bundle/Pricing/Price/BundleSelectionPrice.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_get_final_price
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Category/Tab/Attributes.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; adminhtml_catalog_category_edit_prepare_form
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Category/Tabs.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		adminhtml_catalog_category_tabs
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Category/Tree.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		adminhtml_catalog_category_tree_is_moveable
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Category/Tree.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		adminhtml_catalog_category_tree_can_add_root_category
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Category/Tree.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		adminhtml_catalog_category_tree_can_add_sub_category
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Attribute/Edit/Tab/Advanced.php    			product_attribute_form_build
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Attribute/Edit/Tab/Front.php   			product_attribute_form_build_front_tab
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Attribute/Edit/Tab/Front.php   			adminhtml_catalog_product_attribute_edit_frontend_prepare_form
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Attribute/Edit/Tab/Main.php    			adminhtml_product_attribute_types
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Attribute/Edit/Tab/Main.php    			product_attribute_form_build_main_tab
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Attribute/Grid.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	product_attribute_grid_build
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Attribute/NewAttribute/Product/Attributes.php  	adminhtml_catalog_product_edit_prepare_form
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Attribute/NewAttribute/Product/Attributes.php  	adminhtml_catalog_product_edit_element_types
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Attribute/Set/Main.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; adminhtml_catalog_product_attribute_set_main_html_before
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Attribute/Set/Toolbar/Main.php 		      adminhtml_catalog_product_attribute_set_toolbar_main_html_before
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Edit/Action/Attribute/Tab/Attributes.php   		adminhtml_catalog_product_form_prepare_excluded_field_list
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Edit/Tab/Attributes/Create.php 		      adminhtml_catalog_product_edit_tab_attributes_create_html_before
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Edit/Tab/Attributes.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; adminhtml_catalog_product_edit_prepare_form
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Edit/Tab/Attributes.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; adminhtml_catalog_product_edit_element_types
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Grid.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		adminhtml_catalog_product_grid_prepare_massaction
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Adminhtml/Product/Helper/Form/Gallery/Content.php    			catalog_product_gallery_prepare_layout
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Product/AbstractProduct.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		catalog_block_product_status_display
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Product/ListProduct.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		catalog_block_product_list_collection
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Product/ProductList/Upsell.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_upsell
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Product/View/Options.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		catalog_product_option_price_configuration_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Product/View.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			catalog_product_view_config
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Rss/Category.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			rss_catalog_category_xml_callback
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Rss/Product/NewProducts.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		rss_catalog_new_xml_callback
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/Rss/Product/Special.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		rss_catalog_special_xml_callback
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Block/ShortcutButtons.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			shortcut_buttons_container
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Controller/Adminhtml/Category/Delete.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_controller_category_delete
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Controller/Adminhtml/Category/Edit.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	category_prepare_ajax_response
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Controller/Adminhtml/Category/Save.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_category_prepare_save
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Controller/Adminhtml/Product/Action/Attribute/Save.php 			catalog_product_to_website_change
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Controller/Adminhtml/Product/Edit.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_edit_action
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Controller/Adminhtml/Product/Gallery/Upload.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; catalog_product_gallery_upload_image_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Controller/Adminhtml/Product/NewAction.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_new_action
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Controller/Adminhtml/Product/Save.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	controller_action_catalog_product_save_entity_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Controller/Category/View.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		catalog_controller_category_init_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Controller/Product/Compare/Add.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		catalog_product_compare_add_product
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Controller/Product/Compare/Remove.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_compare_remove_product
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Helper/Product/View.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			catalog_controller_product_view
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Helper/Product.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; catalog_controller_product_init_before
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Helper/Product.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; catalog_controller_product_init_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Category.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _move_before
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Category.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _move_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Category.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; category_move
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Product/Action.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			catalog_product_attribute_update_before
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Product/Attribute/Source/Inputtype.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; adminhtml_product_attribute_types
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Product/Type/AbstractType.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	NO_MATCH
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Product/Type/Price.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		catalog_product_get_final_price
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Product.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _validate_before
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Product.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _validate_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Product.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; catalog_product_is_salable_before
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Product.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; catalog_product_is_salable_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Category/Collection.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _load_before
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Category/Collection.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _load_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Category/Collection.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _add_is_active_filter
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Category/Flat/Collection.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _load_before
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Category/Flat/Collection.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _load_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Category/Flat/Collection.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _add_is_active_filter
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Category/Flat.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_category_tree_init_inactive_category_ids
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Category/Flat.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_category_flat_loadnodes_before
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Category/Tree.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_category_tree_init_inactive_category_ids
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Category.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		catalog_category_change_products
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Product/Collection.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_prepare_price_select
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Product/Collection.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_collection_load_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Product/Collection.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_collection_before_add_count_to_categories
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Product/Collection.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_collection_apply_limitations_after
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Product/Compare/Item/Collection.php    			catalog_product_compare_item_collection_clear
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Product/Indexer/Eav/AbstractEav.php    			prepare_catalog_product_index_select
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Product/Indexer/Eav/Decimal.php    			prepare_catalog_product_index_select
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Product/Indexer/Eav/Source.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; prepare_catalog_product_index_select
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Product/Indexer/Eav/Source.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; prepare_catalog_product_index_select
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Product/Indexer/Price/DefaultPrice.php 			prepare_catalog_product_index_select
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/ResourceModel/Product.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		catalog_product_delete_after_done
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Model/Rss/Product/NotifyStock.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		rss_catalog_notify_stock_collection_select
app/code/Magento/Catalog/Plugin/Model/Product/Action/UpdateAttributesFlushCache.php 			clean_cache_by_tags
app/code/Magento/CatalogImportExport/Model/Import/Product.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_import_bunch_delete_after
app/code/Magento/CatalogImportExport/Model/Import/Product.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_import_finish_before
app/code/Magento/CatalogImportExport/Model/Import/Product.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalog_product_import_bunch_save_after
app/code/Magento/CatalogInventory/Model/Indexer/Stock/AbstractAction.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; clean_cache_by_tags
app/code/Magento/CatalogRule/Block/Adminhtml/Promo/Catalog/Edit/Tab/Main.php    			adminhtml_promo_catalog_edit_tab_main_prepare_form
app/code/Magento/CatalogRule/Controller/Adminhtml/Promo/Catalog/Save.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; adminhtml_controller_catalogrule_prepare_save
app/code/Magento/CatalogRule/Model/Indexer/AbstractIndexer.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	clean_cache_by_tags
app/code/Magento/CatalogSearch/Model/Indexer/Fulltext/Action/DataProvider.php   			catelogsearch_searchable_attributes_load_after
app/code/Magento/CatalogSearch/Model/Indexer/Fulltext/Action/Full.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; catelogsearch_searchable_attributes_load_after
app/code/Magento/CatalogSearch/Model/ResourceModel/Fulltext.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	catalogsearch_reset_search_result
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Block/QuoteShortcutButtons.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		shortcut_buttons_container
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Controller/Cart/Add.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			checkout_cart_add_product_complete
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Controller/Cart/UpdateItemOptions.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	checkout_cart_update_item_complete
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Controller/Onepage/SaveOrder.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		checkout_controller_onepage_saveOrder
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Controller/Onepage/Success.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		checkout_onepage_controller_success_action
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Helper/Data.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_allow_guest
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Cart.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_cart_product_add_after
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Cart.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_cart_update_items_before
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Cart.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_cart_update_items_after
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Cart.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_cart_save_before
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Cart.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_cart_save_after
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Cart.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_cart_product_update_after
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Session.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; custom_quote_process
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Session.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_quote_init
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Session.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; load_customer_quote_before
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Session.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_quote_destroy
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Session.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; restore_quote
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Type/Onepage.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			checkout_type_onepage_save_order_after
app/code/Magento/Checkout/Model/Type/Onepage.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			checkout_submit_all_after
app/code/Magento/Cms/Block/Adminhtml/Page/Edit/Tab/Content.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_cms_page_edit_tab_content_prepare_form
app/code/Magento/Cms/Block/Adminhtml/Page/Edit/Tab/Design.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_cms_page_edit_tab_design_prepare_form
app/code/Magento/Cms/Block/Adminhtml/Page/Edit/Tab/Main.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		adminhtml_cms_page_edit_tab_main_prepare_form
app/code/Magento/Cms/Block/Adminhtml/Page/Edit/Tab/Meta.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		adminhtml_cms_page_edit_tab_meta_prepare_form
app/code/Magento/Cms/Controller/Adminhtml/Page/Delete.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		adminhtml_cmspage_on_delete
app/code/Magento/Cms/Controller/Adminhtml/Page/Delete.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		adminhtml_cmspage_on_delete
app/code/Magento/Cms/Controller/Adminhtml/Page/Save.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		cms_page_prepare_save
app/code/Magento/Cms/Controller/Router.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; cms_controller_router_match_before
app/code/Magento/Cms/Helper/Page.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; cms_page_render
app/code/Magento/Cms/Helper/Wysiwyg/Images.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			cms_wysiwyg_images_static_urls_allowed
app/code/Magento/Config/Block/System/Config/Form/Fieldset/Modules/DisableOutput.php 			adminhtml_system_config_advanced_disableoutput_render_before
app/code/Magento/Config/Model/Config.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; NO_MATCH
app/code/Magento/ConfigurableProduct/Model/Product/Validator/Plugin.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; catalog_product_validate_variations_before
app/code/Magento/Cookie/Controller/Index/NoCookies.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		controller_action_nocookies
app/code/Magento/CurrencySymbol/Model/System/Currencysymbol.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	admin_system_config_changed_section_currency_before_reinit
app/code/Magento/CurrencySymbol/Model/System/Currencysymbol.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	admin_system_config_changed_section_currency
app/code/Magento/Customer/Block/Adminhtml/Edit/Tab/Carts.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_block_html_before
app/code/Magento/Customer/Controller/Account/CreatePost.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		customer_register_success
app/code/Magento/Customer/Controller/Adminhtml/Index/Save.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_customer_prepare_save
app/code/Magento/Customer/Controller/Adminhtml/Index/Save.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_customer_save_after
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/AccountManagement.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		customer_customer_authenticated
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/AccountManagement.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		customer_data_object_login
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Address/AbstractAddress.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		customer_address_format
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Customer.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			customer_customer_authenticated
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Customer.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			customer_validate
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/ResourceModel/CustomerRepository.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; customer_save_after_data_object
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Session.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; customer_session_init
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Session.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; customer_login
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Session.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; customer_data_object_login
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Session.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; customer_login
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Session.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; customer_data_object_login
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Session.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; customer_logout
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Visitor.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; visitor_init
app/code/Magento/Customer/Model/Visitor.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; visitor_activity_save
app/code/Magento/Eav/Block/Adminhtml/Attribute/Edit/Main/AbstractMain.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; adminhtml_block_eav_attribute_edit_form_init
app/code/Magento/Eav/Model/Entity/Collection/AbstractCollection.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	eav_collection_abstract_load_before
app/code/Magento/GiftMessage/Block/Message/Inline.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		gift_options_prepare_items
app/code/Magento/GroupedProduct/Model/ResourceModel/Product/Indexer/Price/Grouped.php   		catalog_product_prepare_index_select
app/code/Magento/Indexer/Model/Processor/InvalidateCache.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	clean_cache_after_reindex
app/code/Magento/Multishipping/Controller/Checkout/ShippingPost.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	checkout_controller_multishipping_shipping_post
app/code/Magento/Multishipping/Controller/Checkout/Success.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	multishipping_checkout_controller_success_action
app/code/Magento/Multishipping/Model/Checkout/Type/Multishipping.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_type_multishipping_set_shipping_items
app/code/Magento/Multishipping/Model/Checkout/Type/Multishipping.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_type_multishipping_create_orders_single
app/code/Magento/Multishipping/Model/Checkout/Type/Multishipping.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_submit_all_after
app/code/Magento/Multishipping/Model/Checkout/Type/Multishipping.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; checkout_multishipping_refund_all
app/code/Magento/PageCache/Model/Cache/Type.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			adminhtml_cache_refresh_type
app/code/Magento/PageCache/Model/Layout/DepersonalizePlugin.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	depersonalize_clear_session
app/code/Magento/Payment/Block/Form/Cc.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; payment_form_block_to_html_before
app/code/Magento/Payment/Model/Cart.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; payment_cart_collect_items_and_amounts
app/code/Magento/Payment/Model/Method/AbstractMethod.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		payment_method_is_active
app/code/Magento/Payment/Model/Method/Adapter.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			payment_method_is_active
app/code/Magento/Payment/Model/Method/Adapter.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			payment_method_assign_data_
app/code/Magento/Paypal/Controller/Express/AbstractExpress/PlaceOrder.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; paypal_express_place_order_success
app/code/Magento/Persistent/Controller/Index/UnsetCookie.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	persistent_session_expired
app/code/Magento/Persistent/Observer/CheckExpirePersistentQuoteObserver.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; persistent_session_expired
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Cart/Totals/ItemConverter.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		items_additional_data
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote/Address/ToOrder.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		sales_convert_quote_to_order
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote/Item.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; sales_quote_item_qty_set_after
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote/Item.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; sales_quote_item_set_product
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote/Payment.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _import_data_before
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote/TotalsCollector.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		sales_quote_collect_totals_before
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote/TotalsCollector.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		sales_quote_collect_totals_after
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote/TotalsCollector.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		sales_quote_address_collect_totals_before
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote/TotalsCollector.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		sales_quote_address_collect_totals_after
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; sales_quote_remove_item
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; sales_quote_add_item
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; sales_quote_product_add_after
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _merge_before
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/Quote.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _merge_after
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/QuoteManagement.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			checkout_submit_before
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/QuoteManagement.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			checkout_submit_all_after
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/QuoteManagement.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_model_service_quote_submit_before
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/QuoteManagement.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_model_service_quote_submit_success
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/QuoteManagement.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_model_service_quote_submit_failure
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/ResourceModel/Quote/Address/Collection.php&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	_load_after
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/ResourceModel/Quote/Item/Collection.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; prepare_catalog_product_collection_prices
app/code/Magento/Quote/Model/ResourceModel/Quote/Item/Collection.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; sales_quote_item_collection_products_after_load
app/code/Magento/Reports/Block/Adminhtml/Grid.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			adminhtml_widget_grid_filter_collection
app/code/Magento/Reports/Model/ResourceModel/Order/Collection.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	sales_prepare_amount_expression
app/code/Magento/Review/Controller/Product.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			review_controller_product_init_before
app/code/Magento/Review/Controller/Product.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			review_controller_product_init
app/code/Magento/Review/Controller/Product.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			review_controller_product_init_after
app/code/Magento/Review/Model/ResourceModel/Rating/Collection.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	rating_rating_collection_load_before
app/code/Magento/Review/Model/ResourceModel/Review/Collection.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	review_review_collection_load_before
app/code/Magento/Review/Model/Rss.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; rss_catalog_review_collection_select
app/code/Magento/Sales/Block/Adminhtml/Reorder/Renderer/Action.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_customer_orders_add_action_renderer
app/code/Magento/Sales/Controller/Adminhtml/Order/AddressSave.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	admin_sales_order_address_update
app/code/Magento/Sales/Controller/Adminhtml/Order/Create.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_sales_order_create_process_data_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Controller/Adminhtml/Order/Create.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	adminhtml_sales_order_create_process_data
app/code/Magento/Sales/Controller/Adminhtml/Order/CreditmemoLoader.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; adminhtml_sales_order_creditmemo_register_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/AdminOrder/Create.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_convert_order_to_quote
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/AdminOrder/Create.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_convert_order_item_to_quote_item
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/AdminOrder/Create.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			checkout_submit_all_after
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Config/Backend/Email/AsyncSending.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	sales_email_general_async_sending
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Config/Backend/Grid/AsyncIndexing.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	dev_grid_async_indexing
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Address/Renderer.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		customer_address_format
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Email/Sender/CreditmemoCommentSender.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; email_creditmemo_comment_set_template_vars_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Email/Sender/CreditmemoSender.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; email_creditmemo_set_template_vars_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Email/Sender/InvoiceCommentSender.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; email_invoice_comment_set_template_vars_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Email/Sender/InvoiceSender.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	email_invoice_set_template_vars_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Email/Sender/OrderCommentSender.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; email_order_comment_set_template_vars_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Email/Sender/OrderSender.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	email_order_set_template_vars_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Email/Sender/ShipmentCommentSender.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; email_shipment_comment_set_template_vars_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Email/Sender/ShipmentSender.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 	email_shipment_set_template_vars_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Invoice.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_invoice_pay
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Invoice.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_invoice_cancel
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Invoice.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_invoice_register
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Item.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; sales_order_item_cancel
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Payment/Operations/CaptureOperation.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; sales_order_payment_capture
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Payment/Transaction.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		_html_txn_id
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Payment.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_payment_place_start
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Payment.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_payment_place_end
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Payment.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_payment_pay
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Payment.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_payment_cancel_invoice
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Payment.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_payment_void
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Payment.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_payment_refund
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Payment.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_payment_cancel_creditmemo
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Payment.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_payment_cancel
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order/Status.php   &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 			sales_order_status_unassign
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; sales_order_place_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; sales_order_place_after
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/Order.php  &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; order_cancel_after
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/ResourceModel/Attribute.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		_save_attribute_before
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/ResourceModel/Attribute.php    &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 		_save_attribute_after
app/code/Magento/Sales/Model/ResourceModel/Order/Address/Collection.php &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; _load_after
